docs: document terraform support (#1037)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/getting-started/first-steps.md

-->

2. Create the cluster with one control-plane node and two worker nodes. `constellation create` uses options set in `constellation-conf.yaml`.

> If you want to use Terraform for managing the cloud resources instead, follow our [Terraform guide](../workflows/create.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use Terraform for managing the cloud resources instead, follow the corresponding instructions in the [Create workflow](../workflows/create.md).
```
indentation is needed for docusaurus to render this correctly
